Voicemail on My Telecom website.

These steps serve to instruct customers how to use voicemail on My Telecom website. Customers must be logged in to My Telecom and have a postpaid or Rebellion Prepaid 2.0 account to complete these steps. Legacy Prepaid is not supported. Not all procedures are available when using the mobile browser.

Voicemail on My Telecom website: Steps to access voicemail:
    1. Go to My Telecom and log in to your account.
    2. In the My Line section, select View details.
    3. In the Lines and Devices section, select the desired line.
    4. Select Check voicemail.
    5. Log into your DIGITS account, then select Voicemails.
    6. For business lines, select My Phone or Line Details and then Voicemail.


Voicemail on My Telecom website:  Steps to add or disable Voicemail to Text automatic email:
    1. Go to My Telecom and log in to your account.
    2. In the My Line section, select View details.
    3. In the Lines and Devices section, select the desired line.
    4. Select Check voicemail.
    5. Log into your Digits account.
    6. Click Settings and then Voicemail to email.
    7. Click Voicemail to email on the left.
    8. Click Turn on next to Voicemail to email.
    9. Follow the onscreen prompts.

Voicemail on My Telecom website: Steps to download messages to a computer:
    1. Go to My Telecom and log in to your account.
    2. In the My Line section, click View details.
    3. In the Lines and Devices section, click the desired line.
    4. Click Check Voicemail, then log in to your DIGITS account.
    5. Click the message to download.
    6. In the expanded menu, click Download.

Voicemail on My Telecom website:  Steps to Listen to greetings or messages:
    1. Go to My Telecom and log in to your account.
    2. Click My Phone or Line Details an then click Check Voicemail.
    3. Log into your Digits account. To listen to a message, click the Play icon next to the message.
    4. Click Settings.
    5. Click Greetings and follow the on-screen instructions.

Voicemail on My Telecom website:  Steps to Send message as an email:
    1. Go to My Telecom and log in to your account.
    2. Click My Phone or Line Details and then click Check Voicemail.
    3. Log into your Digits account.
    4. Click Send as email next to the message.
    5. Enter an email address in the To field.
    6. Add an optional message in the Message field.
    7. Click Send e-Mail. Ensure customers see a 'sent successfully' message. The email will arrive from MSISDN@Telecomvoicemail.com.

Voicemail on My Telecom website: Issues accessing voicemail? If your customer is having issues accessing voicemail through My Telecom, have them try these steps:
    1. Go to http://webdigits.Telecom.com.
    2. Select Sign In and log on with your Telecom ID.
    3. Select an account verification method.
    4. Choose the line you want to manage.
    5. Select the Voicemail icon.
    6. Listen, save to your computer, or respond to your voicemails in any order.
